W-15960702 MQ-Clarify-message-processing-issues (#2607)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: connectors-home/modules/ROOT/partials/mq-disclaimer.adoc

// MQ Prefetch maxLocalMessages
// tag::mqPrefetchMaxLocalMsgs[]
When using `prefetch` mode, set `maxLocalMessages` to a value greater than `1` to avoid message-processing latency issues.

> When `maxLocalMessages` is set to `1`, latency can occur when the message is prefetched, not processed, and returned to the queue for reprocessing.

Author: ```suggestion
When `maxLocalMessages` is set to `1`, latency can occur when the connector prefetches the message but the app doesn't consume it, and the message returns to the queue for reprocessing.
```
